Release 1.1.14 (#53)
python-poetry/website: content/blog/2022-07-08-announcing-poetry-1-1-14.md

---
layout: single
title: "Announcing Poetry 1.1.14"
date: 2022-07-08 00:00:00
categories: [releases]
tags: ["1.x", "1.1"]
---

The Poetry team is pleased to announce the immediate availability of Poetry **1.1.14**.

<!--more-->

This release is a bugfix release.

If you have a previous version of Poetry installed via the [official installer](/docs/#installation),
getting Poetry **1.1.14** is as easy as:

```bash
$ poetry self update
```

## Fixed

> - Fixed an issue where dependencies hashes could not be retrieved when locking due to a breaking change on PyPI JSON API ([#5973](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5973))

Reviewer: "dependencies hashes" sounds weird to me (but I can be wrong). Maybe, "dependency hashes" or "dependencies' hashes" or "hashes of dependencies"? If you decide to change it same for `history.md`.

Reviewer 2: Just a fly-by suggested rewording:
```
- Fixed an issue where retrieval of dependencies hashes during locking could fail due to a breaking change on the PyPI JSON API ([#5973](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5973))
```

Reviewer 3: Oh yeah sorry, not a native English speaker, so I wasn't sure about the phrasing.

As mentioned in https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5973#issuecomment-1179199250, we could add a note that users may need to clear `pypi` cache to fully solve the issue.

Author: I just copied the wording from the Changelog. That's why I would prefer keeping it.

Added a note about clearing the cache now.

---
layout: single
title: "Announcing Poetry 1.1.14"
date: 2022-07-08 00:00:00
categories: [releases]
tags: ["1.x", "1.1"]
---

The Poetry team is pleased to announce the immediate availability of Poetry **1.1.14**.

<!--more-->

> This release is a bugfix release neccessary due to a breacking change on PyPI JSON API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release is a bugfix release necessary due to a breaking change on PyPI JSON API.
```
